Add API compat instructions to libraries building README (#113088)
dotnet/runtime: docs/workflow/building/libraries/README.md

```cmd
dotnet.cmd pack src\libraries\System.Text.Json\src\ -c Release
```

## APICompat

If changes to the library include any API incompatibilities, calling `dotnet build` (if the project isn't packable) or `dotnet pack` will result in API compatibility errors.

> In rare cases where these are expected (e.g. updating APIs previously shipped only in preview or as experimental), the errors may be suppressed. This can be done by following the directions in the error and re-invoking `dotnet build` (if the project isn't packable) or `dotnet pack` with the additional `/p:ApiCompatGenerateSuppressionFile=true` argument.

Author: ```suggestion
In rare cases where these are expected (e.g. updating APIs previously shipped only in preview or as experimental), the errors may be suppressed. This can be done by following the directions in the error to re-invoke `dotnet build` (if the project isn't packable) or `dotnet pack` with an additional `/p:ApiCompatGenerateSuppressionFile=true` argument (if the project is packable).
```

```cmd
dotnet.cmd pack src\libraries\System.Text.Json\src\ -c Release
```

> If changes to the library include any API incompatibilities, calling `dotnet pack` will result in API compatibility errors.

Reviewer: @ViktorHofer will this work for framework libraries like System.Runtime / System.Net.Http / etc?  Do we need to cover that case separately?

Reviewer 2: Non packable projects under src/libraries run APICompat as part of the `dotnet build` command.
